Syllabus updates (#70)
jhudsl/intro_to_r: Syllabus/_child_assignments.Rmd

<!-- This document contains assignment details that appear multiple places. -->

## Grading
***

1. Attendance/Participation: 20% (Please let the instructors know if attendance will be difficult for you.)
2. Homework: 3 x 15%
3. Final "Project": 35%

All assignments are due Wednesday, Jan 26, 2022 at 11:59pm EST.

**Note**: only people taking the course for credit must turn in the assignments. However, we will evaluate all submitted assignments in case others would like feedback on their work.

## Submitting Assignments
***

> Submit each assignment to the designated [Drop Box on CoursePlus](https://courseplus.jhu.edu/core/index.cfm/go/db:main/coID/16733/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit each assignment to the designated [DropBox on CoursePlus](https://courseplus.jhu.edu/core/index.cfm/go/db:main/coID/16733/).
```

Reviewer 2: I checked this on CoursePlus and it's not actually DropBox but a thing on CoursePlus called Drop Box.

You should complete the following:

1. [Data Quest: Introduction to Programming in R](https://app.dataquest.io/m/499/introduction-to-programming-in-r)

> 2. Homework 2 Problem Set: HTML, Rmd, key (HTML), key (code), zip download

Reviewer: Is this a list of items required to be turned in for the problem set? Are the details about them described elsewhere (I haven't looked yet). 
```suggestion
2. Homework 2 Problem Set: 
  - HTML
  - Rmd
  - key (HTML)
  - key (code)
  - zip download
```

Reviewer 2: It's the questions (in two forms- html and Rmd) and the key (also in the same two forms) - we could parse it like that/label it more

Reviewer 2: I think that would help the students

Author: Made this more clear - thanks!

3. Homework 3 Problem Set: HTML, Rmd, key (HTML), key (code), zip download
4. Final Project (see below)

## Final Projects 
***

> This project should entail reading in a dataset of your choosing, doing some light data cleaning, performing some data summarization and visualization, and then doing some very light statistical analysis, like regression or chi-squared tests. Example projects can be found with the source code: [Rmd](ProjectExample/Final_Project_Example.Rmd), and the output [html](ProjectExample/Final_Project_Example.html) here.

Reviewer: I like making lists like this into bullet points because I find them easier to read. You could make it a checklist since its markdown.

Author: good idea!
